# GAN Soil Nitrogen Prediction in Precision Agriculture

## Introduction
This project is at the forefront of integrating advanced deep learning techniques with precision agriculture, specifically focusing on soil nitrogen prediction. By employing Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), we aim to revolutionize how soil nitrogen data is generated and utilized. This innovative approach not only enhances the accuracy of nitrogen predictions in agricultural fields but also paves the way for more sustainable farming practices by optimizing nitrogen usage.

## Key Features
- **Innovative GAN Architecture:** Utilizes a cutting-edge GAN framework designed specifically for the complex task of generating synthetic soil nitrogen data.
- **Robust Training Pipeline:** A comprehensive training pipeline that ensures the GAN model is both efficient and effective in learning from diverse datasets.
- **Advanced Evaluation Metrics:** Incorporates a suite of sophisticated metrics to rigorously assess the model's performance and the quality of generated data.
- **Data Preprocessing & Augmentation:** Employs state-of-the-art techniques for preprocessing and augmenting data, crucial for enhancing model training and prediction accuracy.
- **Dynamic Visualization Tools:** Features interactive visualization tools for an in-depth analysis of both the synthetic data generated by the GAN and the model's prediction results, facilitating easier interpretation and insights.

## Getting Started

### Installation
To get started with this project, follow these steps to install and set up your environment:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/wai-ming-chan/GAN-SoilNitrogen.git
    ```

### Usage
To use this project for soil nitrogen prediction, follow these steps:

1. **Prepare Your Dataset**: Ensure your soil nitrogen data is formatted according to the project's specifications. Refer to the `data/README.md` for details on data format and preparation.

2. **Train the Model**: To train the GAN model with your data, run the following command:
   ```shell
   python train.py --data_dir your/data/directory
    ```
3. **Evaluate the Modell**: After training, evaluate the model's performance using:
    ```shell
    python evaluate.py --model_path path/to/your/model
    ```
    This will output the evaluation metrics defined in the project.
4. **Generate Synthetic Data**: To generate synthetic soil nitrogen data, use:
    ```shell
    python generate.py --model_path path/to/your/trained/model --output_dir path/for/synthetic/data
    ```
    This will save the generated data in the specified output directory.

## Contributing
We welcome contributions from the community! If you'd like to contribute to the GAN Soil Nitrogen Prediction project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository on GitHub.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or fix.
3. Commit your changes to the branch.
4. Push your branch to GitHub.
5. Submit a pull request to the main repository.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

## Acknowledgments
- Special thanks to [Decision Support System for Agrotechnology Transfer (DSSAT)](https://github.com/DSSAT/dssat-csm-os/tree/v4.8.2.0) for providing the simulator to generate the dataset.
- Gratitude to all contributors who have invested their time in improving this project.
- Acknowledgment to [Related Research Paper or Project] that inspired this work.